DOC-1841/updated-closing-closed-conditions (#654)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/accounts/closure/guide-close-link.mdx

The account's legal representative opens the link you provide, then logs into their banking app.
They choose a reason for account closure, then consent to closing the account with [Strong Customer Authentication](../../users/consent/index.mdx#sca).

> To complete the account closure process, the balance must be zero — but a zero balance alone is no longer sufficient.

Reviewer: Is it necessary to say "zero balance is no longer sufficient" - can we just say it needs to meet the conditions - a balance of zero being one of them?

> The account moves from `Closing` to `Closed` only after it meets all [conditions to move from `Closing` to `Closed`](./index.mdx#closing-to-closed-conditions), including the SEPA Credit Transfer timing and the `Upcoming`/`Pending` transaction checks.

Author: ```suggestion
To complete the account closure process, the account must meet all [conditions to move from `Closing` to `Closed`](./index.mdx#closing-to-closed-conditions). A zero balance is one of these conditions, along with the SEPA Credit Transfer timing and the `Upcoming`/`Pending` transaction checks.
```
